hello this is Darren also known as
Bombadil from the no guts no galaxy
podcast and we're about to take a look
at battle mech visual customization
including camo spec and cockpit items
first we'll take a look at camo spec
which gives you the ability to change
the look of your mech externally by
applying unique patterns and colors
there are three types of patterns camo
such as dazzle custom such as franken
and special such as the PC Gamer pattern
every battle mech comes with one free
default pattern and not all patterns are
available for all mix patterns contain
from 1 to 3 colors for example the
default pattern is a three color scheme
while the dazzle pattern is a two color
scheme there are four types of colors
basic which are purchased with C bills
premium which are purchased with
MechWarrior credits color for example
red blue and green and theme such as PC
gamer each pattern and each color
applied has a cost in either C bills or
MechWarrior credits you are charged for
changes only with a maximum of four one
pattern and up to three colors and
remember when you apply a new camo spec
it will erase your previous camo spec
but retain your previous colour scheme
now we'll take a look at cockpit items
which allow you to customize the inside
of your battle next cockpit with
decorative items there are three types
of cockpit items hanging mounted and
standing hanging items hang above the
MechWarrior like Christmas lights fuzzy
dice charms and necklaces mounted items
are mounted to either the left or the
right of the mech warrior like banners
and pictures while standing items are in
view at all times like bobbleheads minis
and statues
here are a few quick things to remember
about cockpit items they cannot be sold
you can purchase more than one of any
item each met can carry up to three
items you can only have one of each item
type in each mech you can equip and
unequip any item from any mech and
finally unequipped items are stored in
your cockpit item inventory until
equipped there are three ways to obtain
camo specs and cockpit items they can be
purchased using sea bills and/or
MechWarrior credits you can get them
through promotions such as the PC Gamer
skin and coconut monkey bobblehead and
you can get awarded for achievements
such as it's special events this
concludes the battle mech visual
customization tutorial be sure to check
out our other tutorials and on behalf of
the no guts no galaxy podcast and myself
until next time mech warrior